[DIGITALRIV-20] Updated documentation for users using checkout UI custom (#64)
vtex-apps/digital-river: docs/README.md

⚠️ _Note that each product must have valid values for `Tax Code`, `ECCN`, and `Country of origin` in the VTEX catalog to be eligible to be sent to Digital River. The logs on this page will show whether each SKU was processed successfully or encountered an error due to missing information. Since this process runs in the background there is a `RELOAD` button to refresh the logs._

> 5. If `Checkout UI Custom` is installed, add the following Javascript there. Otherwise, add the Javascript to `checkout6-custom.js`. This is because `Checkout UI Custom` overrides `checkout6-custom.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Add the following JavaScript to your store's checkout page. This can be done in one of two different ways depending on whether the [Checkout UI Custom](https://github.com/vtex-apps/checkout-ui-custom) app is installed.
```

>     - For `Checkout UI Custom` (if installed), it is accessed in the **Admin** Panel. Under the **Store Setup**, select `Checkout UI Custom`. Under the Javascript tab, paste the below Javascript in and activate it via the `Active` toggle at the bottom of the tab. Then, select `Publish`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If `Checkout UI Custom` is installed, access the `Store Setup` section in your admin sidebar and select `Checkout UI Custom`. Under the `Javascript` tab, paste the below code and enable the `Active` toggle at the bottom of the tab. Then, click `Publish`.
```

>     - For `checkout6-custom.js`, it is typically edited by accessing the **Store Setup** section in your admin sidebar and clicking `Checkout`, then clicking the blue gear icon and then the `Code` tab:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Otherwise, access the `Store Setup` section in your admin sidebar and click `Checkout`. In the Checkout admin panel, click the blue gear icon and then the `Code` tab. Select `checkout6-custom.js` and input the below JavaScript in the field provided. Finally, click `Save`.
```
